well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today i'm going to answer a message
to god because i
thought it was funny um
it said that i know you don't endorse
candidates
but can you give us a prediction about
the presidential election and tell us
who's going to win
sure why not okay so
let's use logic here
biden is leading in all the polls all
the polls that matter he's leading by a
pretty good margin
so clearly can't choose trump
as the victor but then again
the polls were wrong last time right
clinton was leading in all those polls
and she lost
so clearly we cannot choose biden
but then again the polls were adjusted
to
more heavily weigh uneducated voters
their term
so clearly we can't choose trump
but see then again trump's voters are
motivated by fear
and they kind of feel like they're
losing their grip on the country
and when people are motivated by fear
they're highly motivated so they may
turn out in huge numbers
so clearly we can't choose biden
but then again biden leads by a bigger
margin
in the states that actually matter in
the swing states you know where your
vote actually counts
so clearly we can't choose trump
i would imagine that when i went through
that
people had a ups and downs
they were excited and not excited they
had an emotional reaction
on some level to this
happy or sad i think
an important takeaway here
is that the office of the presidency has
too much power
the election of one person
should not create an emotional reaction
on this level in this many people
the power of the u.s government is not
decentralized enough
it should be inconceivable that one
person
can impact the country this much
i think that may be the most important
takeaway from this election
now as far as who's going to win
in my prediction using that logic
it's actually really really simple
whoever has the most
supporters show up and vote for them
it's that simple the polls don't mean
anything
the predictions don't mean anything
they're guesses they're informed guesses
they're educated guesses
they can be informed by the state of the
economy or any of the factors that that
people use
to forecast the results but at the end
of the day
they're just guesses the only thing that
isn't a guess
is that the presidency has too much
power i think we all know that now
so it's probably something that
we should be working on riveting we
should
try to figure out a way to limit the
power of the executive branch
because nobody
should create this much disturbance
nobody should have the power to up into
the country
the way trump has nobody's
possible reelection should instill fear
in their own citizens
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day